13 everyone welcome to review episode
374 of the orthosis can an episode not
we have seen a little more the battle of
these invocations of naruto sakura
against juve everything we have seen one in
controlled pretty epic in 3 funate and
some and bad and everything we have seen more
flashback and innovation without the al ahli
menu we drop flashback in order we're going to
start as usual to comment this
chapter by part first is
say the general charges this chapter
The first part is divided into two parts
where we see more action where we see this
battle between naruto and sas that against
this rain like that cure
helping all the gentlemen and in the
second part where general features
we also see no self - esteem
meeting with his side and there is hugo and
karen helping your ship to recover
next to the slug that has executed that
has invoked sakura let's comment
first the first part of the
episode in the first part of
episode we've seen practically two
attacks of naruto and sas that long
tresserras in shuriken and you know that
that kind of arrow that throws the
susano and here they have also shown us
a flashback but this flash comes out in the
manga obviously in the manga comes a
flashback cartoon and they have lengthened it
where little appeal says that despite
let the wind win its own light
wind too
therefore you know that you can count
say it so Naruto with that fire already
we've seen that kind of board
Techniques where racing
shuriken fanned the fire of those that and
direct point to the eye of liu live here
I want to discuss a bit and it's the fact
that the dimensions that we see
example of Naruto regarding the toad that
invokes or of those that regarding the
snake are a bit exaggerated from my
point of view just like the
perspectives of the naruto toad by
example and from you very well if the
sizes like they do not just convince
as they are too exaggerated from
my point of view and sure it does in
this part of the episode well basically
is that makes that kind of symbol that
it came out in the previous episode
get health is to recover all
without men who were half defeated
on the battlefield
thanks to these slugs that invoked their
I would swim so basically that has been
a news that totally against you be
and ensures acting from behind as
healer a team that the truth that I
he liked it a lot and to do support
to this team because it has also appeared
the other team of cheers the team
inside the and marull iraira and his ship
well basically the moment when
appeared would turn obviously is this a
flashback a totally invented salvo
by the anime the important edge of this
second
of the episode is the fact that his daughter
you can put the bottom of your
ship or on top like
also karim can make it
recover more quickly and more
suitable doing that is one of bite to
karim of we remember that kind of
uncanny ability to speak well of
cary where you know he kept biting
to karim and here may this look like a
little bit of stuffing the fact that for a
his side is outraged because the tails
slugs attach the bottom of your
ship with the top on the other hand
is totally inclined karim of that
is going to bite someone who is not
you know that in this case I had to
bite your ship and then where we see
another estimate that is quite scary
because like you stretch your head and
he tells karim jan follows his that as no
really help last what clearly
snakes by the mouth and it's going to be that
is in the owns
that part seems totally stuffed
but it is not filler or that is in the
manga happens as is and removing this
we also see how at first
it was posed that he had holed sakura and
that he was helping his ship because he did not
trust me again the last to
trust in that after all he has
done after that attempt to upload
with leaves but then file or
it says ok if you do not trust me you can
throwing that acid fulminar me in any
and suddenly the slug says oh yes already
trust you now we're going to
comment what happens from fillings to these
and almost completely filling the flower
is that we have had in three one of
lleida and in trolls and mario and the shit
is from the weak point of the three or something
well that fucking shit has been totally
invented by the anime in this dish
we have seen basically approximates a
tried to get rid of going to go for
all the means and air air chuleando
now last moon truth is that it is a
moment I loved it when I was
dictating is one of this is going to die here
come on one of let's save us two
and we are going to leave there to go to irak and thrown
suddenly going to go to really like that
wake up the chimarruts makers that you
den bitch who gives you whore and puts these
fingers like that in a plan that gives you that has
pretty much liked the only thing of the flash for
the rest of the flashback this about that there
we're not going to save him there we're not going to
leave it here that's the truth is that it does not
he liked it all and the others
throwing him a kind of stone by
mouth to this cave is destroyed
finally it is once awake
young lady wey and nothing because that 's
practically what we see in this
episode as you have seen the following
floor let's continue to see the
confrontation between death and poop like this
basic while a pretty episode
dedicated to that I suppose
by means that has nothing to do with
end things that anime do and nothing
well simply this what you have to
comment on this chapter and on the
next comment a label because
This capi that you thought this review
télam like if you liked the truth is that
I help you very much and good, I say goodbye
here but not before saying that
effectively thanks to my luck
the 690 manga has come out today instead of
tomorrow or Saturday of Sunday and nothing
just tell you that I do not think I
give time to do the review since here in
Spain is six twenty between
credits I raise this will end up being
8 and I do not like doing things with
Hurry I like things calm and
well done so probably if not
you have the review of the 690 manga by car
today you will have it tomorrow so I do not
worry about that and as a sub addiction
I'm leaving here, I hope that you
has liked this video and see you in the
next kids subscribe that you do not know
forget you